Create version-control.qmd (#877)
ubvu/open-handbook: topics/software-publishing.qmd

    * [Codeberg](https://codeberg.org/)
    * [Github](https://github.com)

> Software development environments such as GitHub and GitLab have the possibility to include a DOI and metadata, but do not require it. As a result, VU Amsterdam recommends does not recommend them *on their own* for publishing FAIR research software. That said, one can release code from GitHub to Zenodo, which VU Amsterdam does recommend for software publishing. If you have code on GitLab or Codeberg, such direct integration is not available, but you could think of a workaround.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Software development environments such as GitHub and GitLab have the possibility to include a DOI and metadata, but do not require it. As a result, VU Amsterdam does not recommend them *on their own* for publishing FAIR research software. That said, one can release code from GitHub to Zenodo, which VU Amsterdam does recommend for software publishing. If you have code on GitLab or Codeberg, such direct integration is not available, but you could think of a workaround. If you need help with this, you can reach out to the Research Software Engineer via [rdm@vu.nl](mailto:rdm@vu.nl).
```
